Dad is awesome
How about punishing that bad uncle?
Daddy Yuyu is amazing
Let's go inside.
What's up with this Mr. Long?
It looks ordinary.
But it can make the dragon guard call and tell him in person
Forget it. Forget it.
Treat first
Wow, mom and dad, that car is so beautiful.
Let's buy that car
If it sounds good, buy that car
Let's go and have a look.
Children have good taste
This is our new car
Value 8.88 million
OK
The safety performance and driving performance are very good
You will be satisfied.
What's so expensive?
Don't worry about the price.
As long as you like
I can immediately
I like it. What's the use?
8 million how could we possibly afford it?
Does the manager have 100,000 car?
We can just buy any one for transportation.
Uh 100,000